A list of all the notable projects I've made that I can remember (with descriptions!). I've made various other smaller ones like simple D&D dice rollers but I'm not including those here.


Notepad / Sticky Note - My first tkinter app. A simple notepad that you write in, save, and pin to your screen like a sticky note

TTS Schedule Reminder - A program I wrote to read out a reminder using text-to-speech at certain times of the day to keep me on a schedule 
(e.g. 2:00 PM - "Go work out")

Wizard Mobile Game - A less developed but still cool idea I was working on. Dungeon-crawler styled Android Unity app where you would 
combine different elemental spells to create new spells to defeat enemies. Enemies would have different types of resistances / weaknesses so you'd have to 
mix and match wisely. Pixel-ish styled art done by me.

Garden Planning App - Somewhat developed Unity app where you could move / resize / name / color / etc. squares to design a layout for a garden.
Would include reminders to water different garden beds, show when those plants were planted, and other organizational stuff. 
Was working on it for my Mom, an avid gardener. Never figured out how to make it save and ended up not working on it anymore. 
Might go back and figure out how to finish it someday.

Reflex Mobile Game - A simple Android mobile game made with Unity where you tap squares as they show up (tapping different number of times depending on square color).
Includes an infinite time mode, a timed mode (30 seconds), and an About section with instructions. 
At the end of a game, it shows you how many times you hit squares, how many misses, and your overall accuracy.

Grocery List Maker - A tkinter app that simplifies grocery list creation by letting you choose from lists of recipes / single meals / household items to quickly 
create a simply list. Also tallies up the cost of each category and the total cost at the end, tax included. Everything is updateable/ editable using a JSON file.

Paint Program - My attempt to create a Microsoft Paint style program using the tkinter canvas. One of my favorite projects so far. Includes a canvas, 
3 brush types (pencil, round, and square), brush size control, undo/redo options, save feature, and a layer system like more modern art applications have.

Rain Sounds Sleep App (WIP) - Planning to create a Java app where you can select different rain sounds with a timer to play during sleep. 
I want to add a feature called Lightning Mode where it occasionally flashes your phone flashlight like lightning. Not sure how good it'll look but I'm curious!

Decade Website - A final project for an HTML class I took during high school. Had to create an HTML website from scratch based on a chosen decade. 
Needed to include several pages over different topics. Turned out pretty decent in my opinion.

Arduino Echolocation Glove - Ambitious idea where I tried to use a small motor to vibrate on the back of a glove when an ultrasonic sensor detected something close. 
The idea was to be able to "see" through the user's palm where the sensor was. In the end I got the motor working with the sensor but I didn't have the supplies 
or knowledge to create the full glove. Still kinda cool though.

KDP - Joke Python script that would run in the background of a computer and mess up typing anything on the computer by backspacing, 
switching out letters, doubling letters, etc. Was meant to prank a friend during a class at school but the admin systems wouldn't allow it to open. Probably for the best.

Arduino Scary Sounds - Funny project where I set up a speaker to play ominous noises when the attached photoresistor detected that it was in a dark area.
Speaker was not ideal though and had to very heavily compress audio to work so it wasn't perfect.

Arduino Thermal Light - Arduino project where an LED light would change colors depending on the temperature read by a thermistor. 
Red = Hot, White = Room Temp, Blue = Cold. One of my first successful Arduino projects.
